com.intellij|null
tanvd.grazi|null
org.jetbrains.settingsRepository|IDE Settings
org.jetbrains.plugins.yaml|Languages
org.jetbrains.plugins.textmate|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.terminal|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.emojipicker|Other Tools
name.kropp.intellij.makefile|Languages
hg4idea|Version Controls
com.jetbrains.sh|Languages
com.jetbrains.projector.libs|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.remote-run|null
com.jetbrains.plugins.webDeployment|Deployment
com.jetbrains.codeWithMe|null
com.jetbrains.restClient|Other Tools
com.intellij.diagram|Other Tools
com.intellij.copyright|Other Tools
com.intellij.platform.images|null
com.intellij.css|Style Sheets
org.jetbrains.plugins.stylus|Style Sheets
org.jetbrains.plugins.sass|Style Sheets
org.jetbrains.plugins.less|Style Sheets
com.intellij.configurationScript|null
com.intellij.completion.ml.ranking|Other Tools
com.intellij.cidr.debugger|null
com.intellij.cidr.base|null
com.intellij.cidr.lang.clangd|null
com.intellij.cidr.lang|Languages
com.intellij.cidr.lang.clangdBridge|null
com.intellij.cidr.copyright|null
com.intellij.cidr.completion.ml.ranking|null
com.intellij.CloudConfig|IDE Settings
com.jetbrains.performancePlugin|Other Tools
com.intellij.c.performanceTesting|null
XPathView|HTML and XML
org.intellij.intelliLang|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.cidr-intelliLang|Other Tools
org.intellij.plugins.markdown|Languages
com.intellij.cidr.grazie|null
com.intellij.cidr.markdown|null
com.intellij.tasks|Other Tools
com.intellij.tasks.timeTracking|Other Tools
Subversion|Version Controls
Remote Development Server|null
PerforceDirectPlugin|Version Controls
JavaScriptDebugger|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
JavaScript|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
tslint|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
com.intellij.database|Database
JSIntentionPowerPack|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
org.coffeescript|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
HtmlTools|HTML and XML
org.jetbrains.plugins.github|Version Controls
Git4Idea|Version Controls
com.jetbrains.changeReminder|Version Controls
com.intellij.searcheverywhere.ml|null
Docker|Deployment
com.intellij.clion|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.clion.test.google|Test Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.clion.test.doctest|Test Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.clion.test.catch|Test Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.clion.test.boost|Test Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.clion.ctest|Test Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.clangFormat|null
com.jetbrains.clion.plugins.webDeployment|Deployment
com.intellij.cpp-diagnostics|null
com.intellij.clion.embedded|Embedded Development
com.intellij.clion-compdb|Build Tools
com.intellij.clion-makefile|Build Tools
com.intellij.cidr.compiler.custom|Languages
PythonCore|null
